feat: [PLATO-409] Segment integration & consent management (#159)
contentful/template-marketing-webapp-nextjs: analytics/readme.MD

The `typewriter init` command generates a `typewriter.yml` configuration file that is consequently used to run
any `typewriter` command. During the initialisation process it prompts the user for an API token and to select tracking
plans. The API token can be plucked from an environment variable, but the tracking plans cannot. Because of this design
choice, we cannot use two different Segment configurations (a staging and production one for example) based on
environment variables.

To work around this, we are generating our `typewriter.yml` file based on a template. This allows us to dynamically
generate a file, on different variables beyond the possibilities that Typewriter offers out of the box. We've automated
all of this, after installing, and running a `dev` command, Typewriter will be automatically initialised and
configured.

**In theory this should all run automagically but if you manage to break it here's how it works** ✨.

### Environment variables

The following environment variables are required for the Typewriter implementation to work.

```dotenv
NEXT_PUBLIC_SEGMENT_WRITEKEY=
SEGMENT_TRACKINGPLAN_ID=
SEGMENT_TYPEWRITER_API_TOKEN=
```

> Where to find the values is documented on https://contentful.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/PROD/pages/edit-v2/4138500311.

Reviewer: Not a biggie, but the current link is the page in edit mode.

```suggestion
Where to find the values is documented at https://contentful.atlassian.net/l/cp/1Sh1XmJn.
```
